hello how about youtube friends i am your
friend angel montiel and be welcome
once again to a review completely on
Spanish about the amazing world of
rubik cubes me today
found with a bit strange piece
and funny that is the amazing 3 x 3 with
finished concave so it's not not bad
our camera knows perfectly well that
record in high fucking definition high
fucking then you're not looking bad no
move to your computer no no no no
do not stay where you are to watch this video
delegate m 10 because effectively this
Curved and concave finishing bucket is a
something strange and crazy edition of the
traditional rubik cube how can you
see this cube has a part sunk to
center that starts from its edges and from
its corners towards the center and it
it starts to be wavy it starts to be
concave inward in each of its
faces and it does like a waist like
outside a woman a little waist like that
little girl
and it makes this cube very handsome and flirty
I found it the truth is that no no
it has a brand I think it's made by a fan
a strange brand and half of cubes
rubik called falcon and I could not
resist me to buy it because then I
the design of the cube attracted attention and
I was dying to see their internal parts
let's see the comparison with a cube
of traditional rubik as you can see yes
The concave part is very clear
has this cube compared to this one
yes yes yes yes I know if you get to notice
see it in the distance as if it looks concave
both sides
the depth of the cube look as if
he manages to notice these differences and what
What I liked most is that he bought this cube
it comes to my house and I realize that
tour excellent way tour very very
well see nothing else what good performance
have
even though it has that concave finish
the cube rotates excellently see
nothing more this
no no no what beauty of juice
is designed to do speed olvin yo
I would not say that say that
it only has a very good finish and
I also liked that it is in version
blusher so I'll never have to
worry about changing the stickers I
He liked it so much that I bought two but
I must be honest this will restore it
because unfortunately this cube
concave enjoys poor quality in its
materials and this cube to the room at
fifth solve that I gave him broke the core
on the inside and I cried a lot
because my cube was broken I do not know if it
should it have been a factory damage
I do not know if it is because my bucket went wrong
but if it broke I should be honest
that the first one I bought was broken
in a horrible way and I would like to know
if you have a cube of these and if
it's broken as well as leave me your
comments at the bottom and
tell me if I know if you have one of these
cubes and if you have broken one because it was
very sad do not think I like to buy
two nothing more, just because
I had one broke and I wanted to test if
had been some factory defect or
something then buy another one and this has
come out very good at least I do not know
broke the fifth sun I give turns
Brutal brutal and still not broken
we are going to dismantle it so that they see the
handsome design that has this cube I want
that they see even here as the pieces
they are arranged in a brilliant way
so that the cube is concave a finish
excellent and how you can notice the pieces
they are crazy
in fact I even feel weird to grab
see them here in the high fucking
definition as how this piece is
as elongated it is a very very piece
elongated compared to another edge and
nothing else looks like a torpedo
It is a long elongated piece and see
see this corner how it is designed very
strangely not as long as
as broad of the part of the base and
it's weird it's weird but it's not
they found another way obviously for
design a more concave cube to do
this weird design of the pieces there is
metro I read the edge but in something that
come back here is and see
how is the fusion of the three pieces and
that I also realize that I was
thought for speed from a
beginning from its manufacture but
they effectively have a different finish
see the edge completely different to
the one of a 3 by 3 normal and obviously to
the corner completely different from the
of a 3 by 3 normal
these pieces because without a doubt
have amazed and I really like this cube
despite the fact that the first one broke
but its performance is very very good cube
also in layer m without any
inconvenient and its price is cheap
you can buy this cube in speed tips
mexico I leave the link in the part of the
description so you can buy it and
You can check if it was a defect of
factory or not the truth is that I stay
with the half opinion because this cube
It did not work out for me and this one
broke the first time but hey
I await your comments on the part
below and well you liked this cube
they like concave cubes if it's
Ergonomic feels good to the touch and
truth is that it turns pretty well for
make a
with such a crazy design that is our
review of funk a three by three concave
concave well with intermediate space
remember to subscribe to this channel
youtube dale click the button here is
completely free subscribe believe me
that we do not charge anything nothing nothing nothing and
Legend has it that one in a thousand
Subscribers receive a free bucket for
there comes the ghosts cube to his house
of the ghost of the cubes that is going to be
a review that we will have later is
an amazing cube do not know how it is
amazing that cube let's do the
review later for now I leave you
with the review of funk a concave and we
We are seeing in the following reviews
up see it